Step 0. Question-making
You need two sets of questions, and three sets of pictures:
Set 1:  questions for the Spire (Stage 2: Climb).
        Must be .png format - no naming requirement.
        Best NOT to include the solution in the filename - keep a separate record.
        As many questions as you want, you will be free to design the layout.
Set 2:  7* questions for the Hydra (Stage 3: Bossfight).
Set 3:  The same 7* questions, but partially covered so students can guess the topic & difficulty,
        but cannot solve it before making a commitment to fight the respective head.
(*You can have a different number of heads if you 
create a hydra boss image with a different number of heads.)


How to make a new Spire/Hydra map.
Step 1.
Put all the questions you wish to use in the spire/questions folder.
This entire folder is yours to manage - it is fine to delete anything here you don't need.

Step 2.
Spire map:
- Run the server. Then visit 
localhost/spire/client/client.html#editor
in any non-Safari browser. Then use the editor. Press "X" for help.
Any spot that has nothing leading to it will be available at the start, put these at the bottom.
The Hydra must be at the top (mark with "B").
Each question will show two lines: solution, filename.
Do NOT include the solution in the filename, as the students might see that.
Export map data with "O". Export/import frequently so you don't lose progress. ("O"/"I")

Step 3.
Hydra map for the bossfight:
Same thing, except that each question must have a covered/uncovered copy.
Set the covered copy as the base question with "Q".
Set the uncovered copy with "U".
Every question will show three lines: solution, covered filename, [uncovered filename] in that order.
Export map data with "H". Export/import frequently so you don't lose progress. ("H"/"I")

Step 4.
Put the two .json files you creted in spire/questions.

Step 5.
Open shared/editable.js with a text editor.
Edit the parameters following the given conventions.
If you mess up, restore the backup from editableBackup.js

Step 6.
Test the game by visiting
localhost/spire/client/client.html#fakenoskip
It is worth checking each question once (bossfight included), just in case.


How to host a game (classroom contest):
Same as Conquest.
1.  Students should NOT join before you are done with the setup.
2.  Start game-server
3.  Start electron
4.  Type in console:
location.replace("localhost/spire/server/server.html")
5.  Students can now join your ip adress given by game-server.




How to share a public copy (for single-player after-class sessions).
0.  Sign up to netlify (free account works just fine).
    app.netlify.com
    
1.  Delete the netlify/spire folder.
2.  Copy the spire folder to be the new netflify/spire folder.
3.  Zip the netlify folder. Then drop the zip in
    app.netlify.com/drop
4.  You can rename the project it creates for a tidier url by clicking "Quick setup".
    After selecting the new name and clicking "Update project name" you can quit by "Finish later".
5.  Share the link as you see fit.